In this section, I'm going to discuss a very important topic that is application load balancer and
how we can configured it in our ECS cluster.
So first of all, we need to understand what exactly I am going to perform in the coming lab sessions.
So here you can see in this ppt I have configured each and every thing and same I am going to perform
in my coming lab sessions.
So here we have an application load balancer and this application load balancer is placed in the public
subnet.
So we have one VPC in that VPC we have configured 2 private subnet and 2 public subnet.
And while creating the cluster, we have defined 2 instances and also we have defined the private
subnets.
So my both of the instances of the cluster is running in the private subnets.
So this is something we already understood in the previous lecture.
And here I'm going to create an application load balancer.
And also we have to configure the listener and target group.
So once I will be doing the lab session, then you can easily understand.
So let me try to explain with an example.
Suppose I have developed nginx web application and for that I have created one task and now I
want my this nginx application should be running on the instances and it should be running equally
on both the instances.
For example, I have chosen 4 containers for my this nginx web application.
So what will happen here 2 container of nginx.
Web application would be running on first instance, which is running on private subnet and another
2 container would be running on another instance of private subnet.
There is a user who is sitting on this my laptop now they want to access my and nginx web application.
So what will happen here?
We have configured the application load balancer, so the request first will come to the application
load balancer.
And here the application load balancer is going to is going to distribute the traffic among all the
containers of nginx web application.
So here, so 2 containers are running in this private subnet and 2 containers are running in another
private subnet.
So it is going to distribute the traffic among both of the containers.
I will show you practically, because when I'm going to access the web application, it would be giving
the nginx web page.
But for testing purpose, I will do some changes so that when I'm going to refresh the page each time,
it is going to give the new page so that you can understand the request is coming to first container
than it is coming to second container, third and fourth.
So this is the purpose of your application load balancer.
So that's all.
In the next lecture I will show you each and everything practically.